Hello, Rachidele, good morning everyone. Rachidele and good morning on the very beautiful spot
that we are going to be as five beautiful stupas symbolizing the Enlightenment as well
as rebirth and turning the will of Dharma and then extending the life and mahaparinirvana
stupa and beside we have beautiful temples. Today, we have a beautiful temple that will be
shined and looks like me, Guru Padmasambhava on the ground and all these regions are really coming
so beautifully. I'm very excited and everyone is very excited in the long last regions of the
company, yes, during the 50th anniversary of Buddhism and our Dharma family, will, human,
also which very much. So today is coming. It's really going to happen and we're so excited.
We're going to dedicate this merit for the world peace and harmony and good things and all the
practitioners of the who are connected to this, this world, the Guru Padmasambha Buddha Center.
In the past we've gone on the site that we've dedicated that this to everyone and as well as
also now who are connected to the site and the Padmasambha Buddha Center and members support
and the future. All people who come here really wish everyone is good and a lot of realization,
good health, joy, peace, happiness and fulfillment in life and getting enlightenment and rainbow
golden. Wow, what else we want? Trachea delle, best thank you to all of you and all of our family.
Thank you. Thank you for watching this video. Thank you. Wow, thank you.